comparisons always result in a boolean value

```js

alert(3 > 4) = false

// string comparison is letter by letter

==========================================================================================================================================
// Compare the first character of both strings.

// If the first character from the first string is greater (or less) than the other string’s, then the first string is greater (or less) than the second. We’re done.

// Otherwise, if both strings’ first characters are the same, compare the second characters the same way.
// Repeat until the end of either string.

// If both strings end at the same length, then they are equal. Otherwise, the longer string is greater.

// In the first example above, the comparison 'Z' > 'A' gets to a result at the first step.

// The second comparison 'Glow' and 'Glee' needs more steps as strings are compared character-by-character:

// G is the same as G.
// l is the same as l.
// o is greater than e. Stop here. The first string is greater.

// when comparing different types of values, javascript will convert both values to numbers, for example "02" > true = true as "02" is converted to 2 and true is converted to 1.

==========================================================================================================================================

// strict comparison using ===

// if a and b are different types, itll automatically flag false without attempt to convert them

==========================================================================================================================================


//summary

// Comparison operators return a boolean value.

// Strings are compared letter-by-letter in the “dictionary” order.

// When values of different types are compared, they get converted to numbers (with the exclusion of a strict equality check).

// The values null and undefined equal == each other and do not equal any other value.

// Be careful when using comparisons like > or < with variables that can occasionally be null/undefined. Checking for null/undefined separately is a good idea.

==========================================================================================================================================

//task

5 > 4
"apple" > "pineapple"
"2" > "12"
undefined == null
undefined === null
null == "\n0\n"
null === +"\n0\n"

// answers

true
false
false - true i suck at maths thats the only reason why
true
false
false
false